Update platform support documentation for UEBA packages (#14358)
elastic/integrations: packages/problemchild/docs/README.md

The Living off the Land Attack (LotL) Detection package contains a supervised machine learning model, called [ProblemChild and associated assets](https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/detecting-living-off-the-land-attacks-with-new-elastic-integration), which are used to detect living off the land (LotL) activity in your environment. This package requires a Platinum subscription. Please ensure that you have a Trial or Platinum level subscription installed on your cluster before proceeding. This package is licensed under [Elastic License 2.0](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license).

> This package support data from Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend or winlogbeat on Windows only, although Elastic Defend is reccomended. Prior to using this integration, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent (or winlogbeat should be enrolled) and collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package leverages event logs on Linux, macOS, and Windows. Prior to using this integration, you must have Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend, or have equivalent tools/endpoints set up. If using Elastic Defend, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent and is collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information.
```
